down this is it
Austin impact theory being in a bubble
there is a whole world of Piper
successful entrepreneurs for whom it's
not enough to have made a ton of cash
they really want to do something we have
arrived here in Dallas we are here for
the success live event actually have two
back-to-back speaking engagements so I'm
very excited about that and this has all
come about from the developing
partnership between success and I and
I've gotten the nose Stewart Johnson the
owner today is the first chance that I
get a speak on their behalf no man
decided to do it excited to be here Oh
[Music]
something my dear how you doing yeah
absolutely
[Music]
[Applause]
well I want to just give it to you I
wish I'd known you were going to be here
how long you gonna be standing right
here up top tonight it's a flak for when
somebody comes on the show and those 10
million views we give them a plaque
things not around matters heavy
tail that's a little heavy okay so oh my
god it is heavy
oh yeah I don't know oh my god you you
are the first recipient for breaking ten
million views I am strode girl
congratulations you killed I gotta get
this home we can ship it for you women
are you're so thoughtful
thank you able congratulations
really oh what a great guy you are
[Music]
amazing what it tops everybody if you
know Tony Robbins the ultimate failure
it success about fulfillment I want to
enjoy what I'm doing every day I want to
come in to work with passion and
enthusiasm and be focused on adding
value to the world that's it and so I
told my partner's I'll come back on one
condition and that condition is I will
never prioritize money again if you want
to work with me the price of admission
is we focus on value we make the core
central purpose of what we do to deliver
value to people's lives hi the inside is
a pleasure Miami what's on your shoe but
this is me saying I will tell you any
secret that I know anything you want to
know including how to be better at my
business than me because I believe that
is the surest way to get people to
believe in you to follow you to become a
part of it if you know that I actually
care about you because the last sincere
question is answered I stay every time
how do you push through you're going to
get resistance and people perceive that
resistance as an indication of the
impossible rather than an indication of
the level to which they're going to have
to suffer in order to get through to the
other side how did you discover what was
like you're perfect in your identity
your passion is something in you already
but it's just an interest so now you're
going to head down the path of gaining
mastery and the more master you gain in
that you're really going to see if this
is the thing that you're meant to be
doing or not yes or no and then the
tricky one is where is the revenue model
in all of that make sure you know why
you're building your technology right
who are you trying to serve so you've
got to have a why understand that we
were launching a protein bar but that
wasn't our why our very mission was to
end metabolic disease now once you know
that everything has to resonate out from
that
- shell path when you're high it's going
to go away right I can promise you that
right and when you're low it's going to
go away I can promise you that so you
have to take a long view of your life
never ever ever judge yourself to the
length of a moment I probably say to
myself this too shall pass
like 10 times a week today at success
live it was off the chart they did an
amazing job of putting this together in
such a short time and as always when I
do a talk I tell people I will stay out
and answer every question as long as
there's a question I will be there and
night number one answered a few
questions maybe for 15-20 minutes but
today I've been answering questions for
hours and hours and hours now to the
point where literally after the last
person asked their final question
they've literally torn the entire setup
down and to Success Magazine guys thank
you so much for having me out this was
incredible
[Music]